A chatbot (also known as a talkbot, chatterbot, Bot, IM bot, interactive agent, or Artificial Conversational Entity) is a computer program or an artificial intelligence which conducts a conversation via auditory or textual methods. Such programs are often designed to convincingly simulate how a human would behave as a conversational partner, thereby passing the Turing test. Chatbots are typically used in dialog systems for various practical purposes including customer service or information acquisition. Some chatterbots use sophisticated natural language processing systems, but many simpler systems scan for keywords within the input, then pull a reply with the most matching keywords, or the most similar wording pattern, from a database.

The term "ChatterBot" was originally coined by Michael Mauldin (creator of the first Verbot, Julia) in 1994 to describe these conversational programs.Today, most chatbots are either accessed via virtual assistants such as Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa, via messaging apps such as Facebook Messenger or WeChat, or via individual organizations' apps and websites. Chatbots can be classified into usage categories such as conversational commerce (e-commerce via chat), analytics, communication, customer support, design, developer tools, education, entertainment, finance, food, games, health, HR, marketing, news, personal, productivity, shopping, social, sports, travel and utilities.
Background
In 1950, Alan Turing's famous article "Computing Machinery and Intelligence" was published, which proposed what is now called the Turing test as a criterion of intelligence. This criterion depends on the ability of a computer program to impersonate a human in a real-time written conversation with a human judge, sufficiently well that the judge is unable to distinguish reliably—on the basis of the conversational content alone—between the program and a real human. The notoriety of Turing's proposed test stimulated great interest in Joseph Weizenbaum's program ELIZA, published in 1966, which seemed to be able to fool users into believing that they were conversing with a real human. However Weizenbaum himself did not claim that ELIZA was genuinely intelligent, and the Introduction to his paper presented it more as a debunking exercise:

[In] artificial intelligence ... machines are made to behave in wondrous ways, often sufficient to dazzle even the most experienced observer. But once a particular program is unmasked, once its inner workings are explained ... its magic crumbles away; it stands revealed as a mere collection of procedures ... The observer says to himself "I could have written that". With that thought he moves the program in question from the shelf marked "intelligent", to that reserved for curios ... The object of this paper is to cause just such a re-evaluation of the program about to be "explained". Few programs ever needed it more.

ELIZA's key method of operation (copied by chatbot designers ever since) involves the recognition of cue words or phrases in the input, and the output of corresponding pre-prepared or pre-programmed responses that can move the conversation forward in an apparently meaningful way (e.g. by responding to any input that contains the word 'MOTHER' with 'TELL ME MORE ABOUT YOUR FAMILY').Thus an illusion of understanding is generated, even though the processing involved has been merely superficial. ELIZA showed that such an illusion is surprisingly easy to generate, because human judges are so ready to give the benefit of the doubt when conversational responses are capable of being interpreted as "intelligent".

Interface designers have come to appreciate that humans' readiness to interpret computer output as genuinely conversational—even when it is actually based on rather simple pattern-matching—can be exploited for useful purposes. Most people prefer to engage with programs that are human-like, and this gives chatbot-style techniques a potentially useful role in interactive systems that need to elicit information from users, as long as that information is relatively straightforward and falls into predictable categories. Thus, for example, online help systems can usefully employ chatbot techniques to identify the area of help that users require, potentially providing a "friendlier" interface than a more formal search or menu system. This sort of usage holds the prospect of moving chatbot technology from Weizenbaum's "shelf ... reserved for curios" to that marked "genuinely useful computational methods".

Development
The classic historic early chatbots are ELIZA (1966) and PARRY (1972).More recent notable programs include A.L.I.C.E., Jabberwacky and D.U.D.E (Agence Nationale de la Recherche and CNRS 2006). While ELIZA and PARRY were used exclusively to simulate typed conversation, many chatbots now include functional features such as games and web searching abilities. In 1984, a book called The Policeman's Beard is Half Constructed was published, allegedly written by the chatbot Racter (though the program as released would not have been capable of doing so).

One pertinent field of AI research is natural language processing. Usually, weak AI fields employ specialized software or programming languages created specifically for the narrow function required. For example, A.L.I.C.E. uses a markup language called AIML, which is specific to its function as a conversational agent, and has since been adopted by various other developers of, so called, Alicebots. Nevertheless, A.L.I.C.E. is still purely based on pattern matching techniques without any reasoning capabilities, the same technique ELIZA was using back in 1966. This is not strong AI, which would require sapience and logical reasoning abilities.

Jabberwacky learns new responses and context based on real-time user interactions, rather than being driven from a static database. Some more recent chatbots also combine real-time learning with evolutionary algorithms that optimise their ability to communicate based on each conversation held. Still, there is currently no general purpose conversational artificial intelligence, and some software developers focus on the practical aspect, information retrieval.

Chatbot competitions focus on the Turing test or more specific goals. Two such annual contests are the Loebner Prize and The Chatterbox Challenge (offline since 2015, materials can still be found from web archives).

According to Forrester (2015), AI will replace 16 percent of American jobs by the end of the decade.Chatbots have been used in applications such as customer service, sales and product education. However, a study conducted by Narrative Science in 2015 found that 80 percent of their respondents believe AI improves worker performance and creates jobs.[citation needed]

Application
See also: Virtual assistant

Aeromexico airline chatbot running on Facebook Messenger, March 2018
Messaging apps
Many companies' chatbots run on messaging apps like Facebook Messenger (since 2016), WeChat (since 2013),WhatsApp, LiveChat, Kik, Slack, Line, Telegram, or simply via SMS. They are used for B2C customer service, sales and marketing.

In 2016, Facebook Messenger allowed developers to place chatbots on their platform. There were 30,000 bots created for Messenger in the first six months, rising to 100,000 by September 2017.

Since September 2017, this has also been as part of a pilot program on WhatsApp. Airlines KLM and Aeroméxico both announced their participation in the testing;both airlines had previously launched customer services on the Facebook Messenger platform.

The bots usually appear as one of the user's contacts, but can sometimes act as participants in a group chat.

Many banks and insurers, media and e-commerce companies, airlines and hotel chains, retailers, health care providers, government entities and restaurant chains have used chatbots to answer simple questions, increase customer engagement,for promotion, and to offer additional ways to order from them.

A 2017 study showed 4% of companies used chatbots.According to a 2016 study, 80% of businesses said they intended to have one by 2020.

As part of company apps and websites
Previous generations of chatbots were present on company websites, e.g. Ask Jenn from Alaska Airlines which debuted in 2008 or Expedia's virtual customer service agent which launched in 2011.The newer generation of chatbots includes IBM Watson-powered "Rocky", introduced in February 2017 by the New York City-based e-commerce company Rare Carat to provide information to prospective diamond buyers.

Company internal platforms
Other companies explore ways they can use chatbots internally, for example for Customer Support, Human Resources, or even in Internet-of-Things (IoT) projects. Overstock.com, for one, has reportedly launched a chatbot named Mila to automate certain simple yet time-consuming processes when requesting for a sick leave.Other large companies such as Lloyds Banking Group, Royal Bank of Scotland, Renault and Citroën are now using automated online assistants instead of call centres with humans to provide a first point of contact. A SaaS chatbot business ecosystem has been steadily growing since the F8 Conference when Zuckerberg unveiled that Messenger would allow chatbots into the app.

Toys
Chatbots have also been incorporated into devices not primarily meant for computing such as toys.

Hello Barbie is an Internet-connected version of the doll that uses a chatbot provided by the company ToyTalk,which previously used the chatbot for a range of smartphone-based characters for children.These characters' behaviors are constrained by a set of rules that in effect emulate a particular character and produce a storyline.

IBM's Watson computer has been used as the basis for chatbot-based educational toys for companies such as CogniToys intended to interact with children for educational purposes.

Chatbot creation
The process of creating a chatbot follows a pattern similar to the development of a web page or a mobile app. It can be divided into Design, Building, Analytics and Maintenance.

Design
The chatbot design is the process that defines the interaction between the user and the chatbot.The chatbot designer will define the chatbot personality, the questions that will be asked to the users, and the overall interaction.It can be viewed as a subset of the conversational design. In order to speed up this process, designers can use dedicated chatbot design tools, that allow for immediate preview, team collaboration and video export.An important part of the chatbot design is also centered around user testing. User testing can be performed following the same principles that guide the user testing of graphical interfaces.

Building
The process of building a chatbot can be divided into two main tasks: understanding the user's intent and producing the correct answer. The first task involves understanding the user input. In order to properly understand a user input in a free text form, a Natural Language Processing Engine can be used.The second task may involve different approaches depending on the type of the response that the chatbot will generate.

Analytics
The usage of the chatbot can be monitored in order to spot potential flaws or problems. It can also provide useful insights that can improve the final user experience.

Maintenance
To keep chatbots up to speed with changing company products and services, traditional chatbot development platforms require ongoing maintenance. This can either be in the form of an ongoing service provider or for larger enterprises in the form of an in-house chatbot training team.To eliminate these costs, some startups are experimenting with Artificial Intelligence to develop self-learning chatbots, particularly in Customer Service applications.

Chatbot development platforms
The process of building, testing and deploying chatbots can be done on cloud based chatbot development platforms offered by cloud Platform as a Service (PaaS) providers such as Yekaliva, Oracle Cloud Platform, SnatchBot and IBM Watson.These cloud platforms provide Natural Language Processing, Artificial Intelligence and Mobile Backend as a Service for chatbot development.

APIs
There are many APIs available for building your own chatbots, such as AARC.

Malicious use
Malicious chatbots are frequently used to fill chat rooms with spam and advertisements, by mimicking human behaviour and conversations or to entice people into revealing personal information, such as bank account numbers. They are commonly found on Yahoo! Messenger, Windows Live Messenger, AOL Instant Messenger and other instant messaging protocols. There has also been a published report of a chatbot used in a fake personal ad on a dating service's website.
Association football, more commonly known as football or soccer, is a team sport played between two teams of 11 players each who primarily use their feet to propel a ball around a rectangular field called a pitch.

The moving images of a film are created by photographing actual scenes with a motion-picture camera, by photographing drawings or miniature models using traditional animation techniques, by means of CGI and computer animation, or by a combination of some or all of these techniques, and other visual effects.

Before the introduction of digital production, series of still images were recorded on a strip of chemically sensitized celluloid (photographic film stock), usually at the rate of 24 frames per second. The images are transmitted through a movie projector at the same rate as they were recorded, with a Geneva drive ensuring that each frame remains still during its short projection time. A rotating shutter causes stroboscopic intervals of darkness, but the viewer does not notice the interruptions due to flicker fusion. The apparent motion on the screen is the result of the fact that the visual sense cannot discern the individual images at high speeds, so the impressions of the images blend with the dark intervals and are thus linked together to produce the illusion of one moving image. An analogous optical soundtrack (a graphic recording of the spoken words, music and other sounds) runs along a portion of the film exclusively reserved for it, and was not projected.


 
 
 
 

Home
 
TAGGED AS: BINGE, BINGE GUIDE, FILM, MOVIES, NETFLIX, STREAMING


(Photo by Netflix/Courtesy Everett Collection)

100 BEST MOVIES ON NETFLIX RANKED BY TOMATOMETER (APRIL 2023)
In our world of massive entertainment options, who’s got time to waste on the below-average? You’ve got a subscription, you’re ready for a marathon, and you want only the best movies no Netflix to watch. With thousands of choices on the platform, both original and acquired, we’ve found the 100 top Netflix movies with the highest Tomatometer scores! Time to get comfy on the couch!

See everything that’s being added new to Netflix in April 2023!

The most recent additions of best movies on Netflix include Inception (from Christopher Nolan and Leonardo DiCaprio), Zombieland (the highest-recommended horror movie of 2009), the Sam Raimi Spider-Man trilogy (see the Spidey franchise ranked), How to Train Your Dragon (from DreamWorks Animation), the Bourne trilogy (see the entire franchise ranked), American Hustle (starring Jennifer Lawrence, Christian Bale, Bradley Cooper, Jeremy Renner, and Amy Adams), and Psycho, Marnie, & The Birds (from Alfred Hitchcock).


HIS HOUSE (2020)
 100%
#1
Critics Consensus: Featuring genuine scares through every corridor, His House is a terrifying look at the specters of the refugee experience and a stunning feature debut for Remi Weekes.
Synopsis: A refugee couple makes a harrowing escape from war-torn South Sudan, but then they struggle to adjust to their new... [More]
Starring: Wunmi Mosaku, Sope Dirisu, Matt Smith, Cornell John
Directed By: Remi Weekes


HOW TO TRAIN YOUR DRAGON (2010)
 99%
#2
Critics Consensus: Boasting dazzling animation, a script with surprising dramatic depth, and thrilling 3-D sequences, How to Train Your Dragon soars.
Synopsis: Hiccup (Jay Baruchel) is a Norse teenager from the island of Berk, where fighting dragons is a way of life.... [More]
Starring: Jay Baruchel, Gerard Butler, America Ferrera, Jonah Hill
Directed By: Christopher Sanders, Dean DeBlois


THE FORTY-YEAR-OLD VERSION (2020)
 99%
#3
Critics Consensus: The Forty-Year-Old Version opens a compelling window into the ebbs and flows of the artist's life -- and announces writer-director-star Radha Blank as a major filmmaking talent with her feature debut.
Synopsis: Radha, a down-on-her-luck NY playwright, is desperate for a breakthrough before 40. But when she foils what seems like her... [More]
Starring: Welker White, Reed Birney, Radha Blank, Peter Kim
Directed By: Radha Blank


UNDER THE SHADOW (2016)
 99%
#4
Critics Consensus: Under the Shadow deftly blends seemingly disparate genres to deliver an effective chiller with timely themes and thought-provoking social subtext.
Synopsis: After Shideh's building is hit by a missile during the Iran-Iraq War, a superstitious neighbor suggests that the missile was... [More]
Starring: Narges Rashidi, Avin Manshadi, Bobby Naderi, Ray Haratian
Directed By: Babak Anvari


MONTY PYTHON AND THE HOLY GRAIL (1975)
 98%
#5
Critics Consensus: A cult classic as gut-bustingly hilarious as it is blithely ridiculous, Monty Python and the Holy Grail has lost none of its exceedingly silly charm.
Synopsis: A comedic send-up of the grim circumstances of the Middle Ages as told through the story of King Arthur and... [More]
Starring: Graham Chapman, John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, Eric Idle
Directed By: Terry Gilliam, Terry Jones


MA RAINEY'S BLACK BOTTOM (2020)
 97%
#6
Critics Consensus: Framed by a pair of powerhouse performances, Ma Rainey's Black Bottom pays affectionate tribute to a blues legend -- and Black culture at large.
Synopsis: Tensions and temperatures rise at a Chicago music studio in 1927 when fiery, fearless blues singer Ma Rainey joins her... [More]
Starring: Viola Davis, Chadwick Boseman, Glynn Turman, Colman Domingo
Directed By: George C. Wolfe


THE HURT LOCKER (2008)
 97%
#7
Critics Consensus: A well-acted, intensely shot, action filled war epic, Kathryn Bigelow's The Hurt Locker is thus far the best of the recent dramatizations of the Iraq War.
Synopsis: Staff Sgt. William James (Jeremy Renner), Sgt. J.T. Sanborn (Anthony Mackie) and Specialist Owen Eldridge (Brian Geraghty) are members of... [More]
Starring: Jeremy Renner, Anthony Mackie, Brian Geraghty, Guy Pearce
Directed By: Kathryn Bigelow


HELL OR HIGH WATER (2016)
 97%
#8
Critics Consensus: Hell or High Water offers a solidly crafted, well-acted Western heist thriller that eschews mindless gunplay in favor of confident pacing and full-bodied characters.
Synopsis: Toby is a divorced father who's trying to make a better life for his son. His brother Tanner is an... [More]
Starring: Jeff Bridges, Chris Pine, Ben Foster, Gil Birmingham
Directed By: David Mackenzie


WON'T YOU BE MY NEIGHBOR? (2018)
 97%
#9
Critics Consensus: Won't You Be My Neighbor? takes a fittingly patient and honest look at the life and legacy of a television pioneer whose work has enriched generations.
Synopsis: Filmmaker Morgan Neville examines the life and legacy of Fred Rogers, the beloved host of the popular children's TV show... [More]
Starring: Joanne Rogers, Bill Isler, Hedda Sharapan, Margaret Whitmer
Directed By: Morgan Neville


DOLEMITE IS MY NAME (2019)
 97%
#10
Critics Consensus: In dramatizing Rudy Ray Moore's stranger-than-fiction story, Eddie Murphy makes Dolemite Is My Name just as bold, brash, and ultimately hard to resist as its subject.
Synopsis: Performer Rudy Ray Moore develops an outrageous character named Dolemite, who becomes an underground sensation and star of a kung-fu,... [More]
Starring: Eddie Murphy, Wesley Snipes, Kodi Smit-McPhee, Keegan-Michael Key
Directed By: Craig Brewer


HUNT FOR THE WILDERPEOPLE (2016)
 97%
#11
Critics Consensus: The charmingly offbeat Hunt for the Wilderpeople unites a solid cast, a talented filmmaker, and a poignant, funny, deeply affecting message.
Synopsis: A boy (Julian Dennison) and his foster father (Sam Neill) become the subjects of a manhunt after they get stranded... [More]
Starring: Sam Neill, Julian Dennison, Rima Te Wiata, Rachel House
Directed By: Taika Waititi


MUDBOUND (2017)
 97%
#12
Critics Consensus: Mudbound offers a well-acted, finely detailed snapshot of American history whose scenes of rural class struggle resonate far beyond their period setting.
Synopsis: Set in the rural American South during World War II, Dee Rees' Mudbound is an epic story of two families... [More]
Starring: Carey Mulligan, Jason Clarke, Jason Mitchell, Mary J. Blige
Directed By: Dee Rees


I LOST MY BODY (2019)
 97%
#13
Critics Consensus: Beautifully animated and utterly unique, I Lost My Body takes audiences on a singularly strange journey whose unexpected contours lead to a wholly satisfying destination.
Synopsis: A severed hand escapes from a dissection lab, determined to find its body again.... [More]
Starring: Hakim Faris, Victoire Du Bois, Patrick d'Assumçao, Belek Abdelmalek
Directed By: Jérémy Clapin


ROCKS (2019)
 97%
#14
Critics Consensus: A fresh, funny coming-of-age story rooted in realistic characters and anchored with a meaningful message, Rocks is as solid as its title suggests.
Synopsis: A London teen takes care of her younger brother after their mother abruptly leaves.... [More]
Starring: Bukky Bakray, Ruby Stokes, Sarah Niles, Layo-Christina Akinlude
Directed By: Sarah Gavron


ROMA (2018)
 96%
#15
Critics Consensus: Roma finds writer-director Alfonso Cuarón in complete, enthralling command of his visual craft - and telling the most powerfully personal story of his career.
Synopsis: Cleo is one of two domestic workers who help Antonio and Sofía take care of their four children in 1970s... [More]
Starring: Yalitza Aparicio, Marina de Tavira, Marco Graf, Fernando Grediaga
Directed By: Alfonso Cuarón


ATLANTICS (2019)
 96%
#16
Critics Consensus: An unpredictable supernatural drama rooted in real-world social commentary, Atlantique suggests a thrillingly bright future for debuting filmmaker Mati Diop.
Synopsis: Arranged to marry a rich man, young Ada is crushed when her true love goes missing at sea during a... [More]
Starring: Abdou Balde, Aminata Kane, Ibrahima Mbaye, Amadou Mbow
Directed By: Mati Diop


PSYCHO (1960)
 96%
#17
Critics Consensus: Infamous for its shower scene, but immortal for its contribution to the horror genre. Because Psycho was filmed with tact, grace, and art, Hitchcock didn't just create modern horror, he validated it.
Synopsis: Phoenix secretary Marion Crane (Janet Leigh), on the lam after stealing $40,000 from her employer in order to run away... [More]
Starring: Anthony Perkins, Janet Leigh, Vera Miles, John Gavin
Directed By: Alfred Hitchcock


TO ALL THE BOYS I'VE LOVED BEFORE (2018)
 96%
#18
Critics Consensus: To All the Boys I've Loved Before plays by the teen rom-com rules, but relatable characters and a thoroughly charming cast more than make up for a lack of surprises.
Synopsis: A teenage girl's love letters are exposed and wreak havoc on her life.... [More]
Starring: Lana Condor, John Corbett, Noah Centineo, Emilija Baranac
Directed By: Susan Johnson


LIFE OF BRIAN (1979)
 96%
#19
Critics Consensus: One of the more cutting-edge films of the 1970s, this religious farce from the classic comedy troupe is as poignant as it is funny and satirical.
Synopsis: Brian Cohen (Graham Chapman) is an average young Jewish man, but through a series of ridiculous events, he gains a... [More]
Starring: Graham Chapman, John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, Terry Jones
Directed By: Terry Jones


OUTSIDE IN (2017)
 96%
#20
Critics Consensus: Brilliantly brought to life by tenderly empathetic performances from Jay Duplass and Edie Falco, Outside In tells a sobering -- yet thoroughly absorbing -- story.
Synopsis: An ex-convict tries to readjust to life in his small town and forms an intense relationship with his former high... [More]
Starring: Jay Duplass, Edie Falco, Kaitlyn Dever, Ben Schwartz
Directed By: Lynn Shelton


THE IRISHMAN (2019)
 95%
#21
Critics Consensus: An epic gangster drama that earns its extended runtime, The Irishman finds Martin Scorsese revisiting familiar themes to poignant, funny, and profound effect.
Synopsis: In the 1950s, truck driver Frank Sheeran gets involved with Russell Bufalino and his Pennsylvania crime family. As Sheeran climbs... [More]
Starring: Robert De Niro, Al Pacino, Joe Pesci, Anna Paquin
Directed By: Martin Scorsese


MARRIAGE STORY (2019)
 95%
#22
Critics Consensus: Observing a splintering union with compassion and expansive grace, the powerfully acted Marriage Story ranks among writer-director Noah Baumbach's best works.
Synopsis: A stage director and his actor wife struggle through a grueling divorce that pushes them to their limits.... [More]
Starring: Scarlett Johansson, Adam Driver, Azhy Robertson, Laura Dern
Directed By: Noah Baumbach


IT FOLLOWS (2014)
 95%
#23
Critics Consensus: Smart, original, and above all terrifying, It Follows is the rare modern horror film that works on multiple levels -- and leaves a lingering sting.
Synopsis: After carefree teenager Jay (Maika Monroe) sleeps with her new boyfriend, Hugh (Jake Weary), for the first time, she learns... [More]
Starring: Maika Monroe, Keir Gilchrist, Daniel Zovatto, Jake Weary
Directed By: David Robert Mitchell


THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE TWO TOWERS (2002)
 95%
#24
Critics Consensus: The Two Towers balances spectacular action with emotional storytelling, leaving audiences both wholly satisfied and eager for the final chapter.
Synopsis: The sequel to the Golden Globe-nominated and AFI Award-winning "The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring," "The... [More]
Starring: Elijah Wood, Ian McKellen, Liv Tyler, Viggo Mortensen
Directed By: Peter Jackson


KLAUS (2019)
 95%
#25
Critics Consensus: Beautiful hand-drawn animation and a humorous, heartwarming narrative make Klaus an instant candidate for holiday classic status.
Synopsis: A desperate postman accidentally brings about the genesis of Santa Claus.... [More]
Starring: Jason Schwartzman, J.K. Simmons, Rashida Jones, Will Sasso
Directed By: Sergio Pablos


CROUPIER (1998)
 95%
#26
Critics Consensus: The writer slumming for human truths and real experience is a common enough story, but this cool-headed and slick thriller provides a gut-churningly compelling backdrop to a look at our darker sides.
Synopsis: Jack Manfred (Clive Owen) is an aspiring writer who to make ends meet, takes a job as a croupier. Jack... [More]
Starring: Clive Owen, Kate Hardie, Alex Kingston, Gina McKee
Directed By: Mike Hodges


CALL ME BY YOUR NAME (2017)
 94%
#27
Critics Consensus: Call Me by Your Name offers a melancholy, powerfully affecting portrait of first love, empathetically acted by Timothée Chalamet and Armie Hammer.
Synopsis: It's the summer of 1983, and precocious 17-year-old Elio Perlman is spending the days with his family at their 17th-century... [More]
Starring: Armie Hammer, Timothée Chalamet, Michael Stuhlbarg, Amira Casar
Directed By: Luca Guadagnino


THE POWER OF THE DOG (2021)
 94%
#28
Critics Consensus: Brought to life by a stellar ensemble led by Benedict Cumberbatch, The Power of the Dog reaffirms writer-director Jane Campion as one of her generation's finest filmmakers.
Synopsis: Severe, pale-eyed, handsome, Phil Burbank is brutally beguiling. All of Phil's romance, power and fragility is trapped in the past... [More]
Starring: Benedict Cumberbatch, Kirsten Dunst, Jesse Plemons, Kodi Smit-McPhee
Directed By: Jane Campion


CAROL (2015)
 94%
#29
Critics Consensus: Shaped by Todd Haynes' deft direction and powered by a strong cast led by Cate Blanchett and Rooney Mara, Carol lives up to its groundbreaking source material.
Synopsis: Aspiring photographer Therese spots the beautiful, elegant Carol perusing the doll displays in a 1950s Manhattan department store. The two... [More]
Starring: Cate Blanchett, Rooney Mara, Sarah Paulson, Jake Lacy
Directed By: Todd Haynes


MONEYBALL (2011)
 94%
#30
Critics Consensus: Director Bennett Miller, along with Brad Pitt and Jonah Hill, take a niche subject and turn it into a sharp, funny, and touching portrait worthy of baseball lore.
Synopsis: Billy Beane (Brad Pitt), general manager of the Oakland A's, one day has an epiphany: Baseball's conventional wisdom is all... [More]
Starring: Brad Pitt, Jonah Hill, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Robin Wright
Directed By: Bennett Miller


THE LOST DAUGHTER (2021)
 94%
#31
Critics Consensus: A strikingly assured debut for writer-director Maggie Gyllenhaal, The Lost Daughter unites a brilliant cast in service of a daringly ambitious story.
Synopsis: Alone on a seaside vacation, Leda becomes consumed with a young mother and daughter as she watches them on the... [More]
Starring: Olivia Colman, Dakota Johnson, Peter Sarsgaard, Jessie Buckley
Directed By: Maggie Gyllenhaal


THE SEA BEAST (2022)
 94%
#32
Critics Consensus: An original animated tale that's often as daring as its characters, The Sea Beast sends audiences on a voyage well worth taking.
Synopsis: In an era when terrifying beasts roamed the seas, monster hunters were celebrated heroes -- and none were more beloved... [More]
Starring: Karl Urban, Zaris-Angel Hator, Jared Harris, Dan Stevens
Directed By: Chris Williams


PRIVATE LIFE (2018)
 94%
#33
Critics Consensus: Private Life uses one couple's bumpy journey to take an affecting look at an easily identifiable - and too rarely dramatized - rite of adult passage.
Synopsis: A couple coping with infertility struggle to keep their marriage going as they navigate through the world of adoption and... [More]
Starring: Paul Giamatti, Kathryn Hahn, Kayli Carter, Molly Shannon
Directed By: Tamara Jenkins


ENOLA HOLMES 2 (2022)
 94%
#34
Critics Consensus: Building on its predecessor with boisterously entertaining flair, Enola Holmes 2 solves the mystery of how to make a satisfying sequel -- and makes it look positively elementary.
Synopsis: Fresh off the triumph of solving her first case, Enola Holmes (Millie Bobby Brown) follows in the footsteps of her... [More]
Starring: Millie Bobby Brown, Henry Cavill, Helena Bonham Carter, David Thewlis
Directed By: Harry Bradbeer


THE BIRDS (1963)
 94%
#35
Critics Consensus: Proving once again that build-up is the key to suspense, Alfred Hitchcock successfully turned birds into some of the most terrifying villains in horror history.
Synopsis: Melanie Daniels (Tippi Hedren) meets Mitch Brenner (Rod Taylor) in a San Francisco pet store and decides to follow him... [More]
Starring: Rod Taylor, Tippi Hedren, Suzanne Pleshette, Jessica Tandy
Directed By: Alfred Hitchcock


CAPTAIN PHILLIPS (2013)
 93%
#36
Critics Consensus: Smart, powerfully acted, and incredibly intense, Captain Phillips offers filmgoers a Hollywood biopic done right -- and offers Tom Hanks a showcase for yet another brilliant performance.
Synopsis: In April 2009, the U.S. containership Maersk Alabama sails toward its destination on a day that seems like any other.... [More]
Starring: Tom Hanks, Catherine Keener, Barkhad Abdi, Barkhad Abdirahman
Directed By: Paul Greengrass


SPIDER-MAN 2 (2004)
 93%
#37
Critics Consensus: Boasting an entertaining villain and deeper emotional focus, this is a nimble sequel that improves upon the original.
Synopsis: When a failed nuclear fusion experiment results in an explosion that kills his wife, Dr. Otto Octavius (Alfred Molina) is... [More]
Starring: Tobey Maguire, Kirsten Dunst, James Franco, Alfred Molina
Directed By: Sam Raimi


THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE RETURN OF THE KING (2003)
 93%
#38
Critics Consensus: Visually breathtaking and emotionally powerful, The Lord of the Rings - The Return of the King is a moving and satisfying conclusion to a great trilogy.
Synopsis: The culmination of nearly 10 years' work and conclusion to Peter Jackson's epic trilogy based on the timeless J.R.R. Tolkien... [More]
Starring: Elijah Wood, Ian McKellen, Liv Tyler, Viggo Mortensen
Directed By: Peter Jackson


THE MEYEROWITZ STORIES (NEW AND SELECTED) (2017)
 93%
#39
Critics Consensus: The Meyerowitz Stories (New and Selected) observes the family dynamic through writer-director Noah Baumbach's bittersweet lens and the impressive efforts of a remarkable cast.
Synopsis: The adult children of Harold Meyerowitz reunite in New York in preparation for their father's career retrospective.... [More]
Starring: Adam Sandler, Ben Stiller, Dustin Hoffman, Emma Thompson
Directed By: Noah Baumbach


HUSTLE (2022)
 93%
#40
Critics Consensus: Hustle doesn't have any fancy moves, but it doesn't need them -- Adam Sandler's everyman charm makes this easy layup fun to watch.
Synopsis: Stanley Sugerman's (Adam Sandler) love for basketball is unparalleled, but the travel weary Philadelphia 76ers scout who has higher ambitions... [More]
Starring: Adam Sandler, Juancho Hernangomez, Queen Latifah, Ben Foster
Directed By: Jeremiah Zagar


CAM (2018)
 93%
#41
Critics Consensus: Smart and suspenseful, CAM is a techno-thriller that's far more than the sum of its salacious parts -- and an outstanding showcase for Madeline Brewer in the leading role.
Synopsis: A camgirl has her principles, until a mysterious woman who looks just like her takes over her channel.... [More]
Starring: Madeline Brewer, Patch Darragh, Melora Walters, Devin Druid
Directed By: Daniel Goldhaber


HUSH (2016)
 93%
#42
Critics Consensus: Hush navigates the bloody waters of home invasion thrillers and incisive slashers for a contemporary horror puree.
Synopsis: A deaf woman is stalked by a killer in her home.... [More]
Starring: John Gallagher Jr., Kate Siegel, Michael Trucco, Samantha Sloyan
Directed By: Mike Flanagan


SAND STORM (2016)
 93%
#43
Critics Consensus: Sand Storm marks an impressive first feature for debuting writer-director Elite Zexer that offers a perceptive -- and crucial -- look at patriarchal traditions.
Synopsis: In Southern Israel, a teen's (Lamis Ammar) forbidden love affair challenges the traditions of her Bedouin mother and father.... [More]
Starring: Lamis Ammar, Ruba Blal, Hitham Omari, Khadija Al Akel
Directed By: Elite Zexer


GLASS ONION: A KNIVES OUT MYSTERY (2022)
 92%
#44
Critics Consensus: Glass Onion: A Knives Out Mystery brings back Benoit Blanc for another wildly entertaining mystery rounded out by an outstanding ensemble cast.
Synopsis: Benoit Blanc returns to peel back the layers in a new Rian Johnson whodunit. This fresh adventure finds the intrepid... [More]
Starring: Daniel Craig, Ed Norton, Dave Bautista, Kate Hudson
Directed By: Rian Johnson


SKYFALL (2012)
 92%
#45
Critics Consensus: Sam Mendes brings Bond surging back with a smart, sexy, riveting action thriller that qualifies as one of the best 007 films to date.
Synopsis: When James Bond's (Daniel Craig) latest assignment goes terribly wrong, it leads to a calamitous turn of events: Undercover agents... [More]
Starring: Daniel Craig, Judi Dench, Javier Bardem, Ralph Fiennes
Directed By: Sam Mendes


DA 5 BLOODS (2020)
 92%
#46
Critics Consensus: Fierce energy and ambition course through Da 5 Bloods, coming together to fuel one of Spike Lee's most urgent and impactful films.
Synopsis: Four African American vets battle the forces of man and nature when they return to Vietnam seeking the remains of... [More]
Starring: Delroy Lindo, Jonathan Majors, Clarke Peters, Norm Lewis
Directed By: Spike Lee


AMERICAN HUSTLE (2013)
 92%
#47
Critics Consensus: Riotously funny and impeccably cast, American Hustle compensates for its flaws with unbridled energy and some of David O. Russell's most irrepressibly vibrant direction.
Synopsis: Irving Rosenfeld (Christian Bale) dabbles in forgery and loan-sharking, but when he falls for fellow grifter Sydney Prosser (Amy Adams),... [More]
Starring: Christian Bale, Bradley Cooper, Jeremy Renner, Amy Adams
Directed By: David O. Russell


THE BOURNE ULTIMATUM (2007)
 92%
#48
Critics Consensus: The Bourne Ultimatum is an intelligent, finely tuned non-stop thrill ride. Another strong performance from Matt Damon and sharp camerawork from Paul Greengrass make this the finest installment of the Bourne trilogy.
Synopsis: Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) continues his international quest to uncover his true identity. From Russia to Europe to northern Africa... [More]
Starring: Matt Damon, Julia Stiles, Joan Allen, David Strathairn
Directed By: Paul Greengrass


EL CAMINO: A BREAKING BAD MOVIE (2019)
 92%
#49
Critics Consensus: Entertaining if not essential, El Camino adds a satisfying belated coda to the Breaking Bad story -- led by a career-best performance from Aaron Paul.
Synopsis: Jesse Pinkman flees from the police and tries to escape his inner turmoil.... [More]
Starring: Aaron Paul, Matt L. Jones, Charles Baker
Directed By: Vince Gilligan


WE THE ANIMALS (2018)
 92%
#50
Critics Consensus: Dreamlike and haunting, We the Animals approaches the coming-of-age odyssey with a uniquely documentarian eye.
Synopsis: Manny, Joel, and Jonah tear their way through childhood. Their mother and father have a volatile relationship that makes and... [More]
Starring: Raúl Castillo, Sheila Vand, Evan Rosado, Isaiah Kristian
Directed By: Jeremiah Zagar


THE LITTLE PRINCE (2015)
 92%
#51
Critics Consensus: Beautifully animated and faithful to the spirit of its classic source material, The Little Prince is a family-friendly treat that anchors thrilling visuals with a satisfying story.
Synopsis: The Aviator introduces a girl to a world where she rediscovers her childhood and learns that it's human connections that... [More]
Starring: Jeff Bridges, Rachel McAdams, James Franco, Marion Cotillard
Directed By: Mark Osborne


ROALD DAHL'S MATILDA THE MUSICAL (2022)
 92%
#52
Critics Consensus: Roald Dahl's Matilda the Musical brings the classic story back to the screen with a delightful Emma Thompson, dazzling dancing, and a suitably irascible take on the source material.
Synopsis: An extraordinary girl with a sharp mind and vivid imagination takes a daring stand to change her story -- with... [More]
Starring: Alisha Weir, Emma Thompson, Lashana Lynch, Stephen Graham
Directed By: Matthew Warchus


ROCKY (1976)
 92%
#53
Critics Consensus: This story of a down-on-his-luck boxer is thoroughly predictable, but Sylvester Stallone's script and stunning performance in the title role brush aside complaints.
Synopsis: Rocky Balboa (Sylvester Stallone), a small-time boxer from working-class Philadelphia, is arbitrarily chosen to take on the reigning world heavyweight... [More]
Starring: Sylvester Stallone, Talia Shire, Burgess Meredith, Burt Young
Directed By: John G. Avildsen


SET IT UP (2018)
 92%
#54
Critics Consensus: Set It Up follows the long-established outlines of the rom-com template -- and in the process, proves there's still substantial pleasure to be wrought from familiar formulas.
Synopsis: Two overworked and underpaid assistants come up with a plan to get their bosses off their backs by setting them... [More]
Starring: Zoey Deutch, Glen Powell, Lucy Liu, Taye Diggs
Directed By: Claire Scanlon


PARENTHOOD (1989)
 92%
#55
Critics Consensus: Bolstered by a delightful cast, Parenthood is a funny and thoughtfully crafted look at the best and worst moments of family life that resonates broadly.
Synopsis: Perfectionist Gil Buckman (Steve Martin) struggles with the deficiencies of his children, thinking they reflect poorly on his parenting --... [More]
Starring: Steve Martin, Mary Steenburgen, Dianne Wiest, Jason Robards
Directed By: Ron Howard


MINDHORN (2016)
 92%
#56
Critics Consensus: Led by a committed performance from Julian Barratt, Mindhorn offers audiences a laugh-out-loud comedy whose sublime silliness is enhanced by its more thoughtful moments.
Synopsis: A has-been actor, known for playing British detective Mindhorn, works alongside the police to catch a serial killer who will... [More]
Starring: Julian Barratt, Essie Davis, Andrea Riseborough, Harriet Walter
Directed By: Sean Foley


1922 (2017)
 92%
#57
Critics Consensus: Thanks to director Zak Hilditch's patient storytelling and strong work from lead Thomas Jane, 1922 ranks among the more satisfying Stephen King adaptations.
Synopsis: A rancher conspires to murder his wife for financial gain and convinces his teenage son to participate.... [More]
Starring: Thomas Jane, Neal McDonough, Molly Parker, Brian d'Arcy James
Directed By: Zak Hilditch


UNCORKED (2020)
 92%
#58
Critics Consensus: Like a good wine, once you let Uncorked breathe, its heartfelt tenderness will yield a sweet time.
Synopsis: A young man upsets his father when he pursues his dream of becoming a master sommelier instead of joining the... [More]
Starring: Mamoudou Athie, Courtney B. Vance, Niecy Nash, Sasha Compère
Directed By: Prentice Penny


LA LA LAND (2016)
 91%
#59
Critics Consensus: La La Land breathes new life into a bygone genre with thrillingly assured direction, powerful performances, and an irresistible excess of heart.
Synopsis: Sebastian (Ryan Gosling) and Mia (Emma Stone) are drawn together by their common desire to do what they love. But... [More]
Starring: Ryan Gosling, Emma Stone, John Legend, Rosemarie DeWitt
Directed By: Damien Chazelle


PHANTOM THREAD (2017)
 91%
#60
Critics Consensus: Phantom Thread's finely woven narrative is filled out nicely by humor, intoxicating romantic tension, and yet another impressively committed performance from Daniel Day-Lewis.
Synopsis: Renowned dressmaker Reynolds Woodcock and his sister Cyril are at the center of British fashion in 1950s London -- dressing... [More]
Starring: Daniel Day-Lewis, Vicky Krieps, Lesley Manville, Camilla Rutherford
Directed By: Paul Thomas Anderson


THE NICE GUYS (2016)
 91%
#61
Critics Consensus: The Nice Guys hearkens back to the buddy comedies of a bygone era while adding something extra courtesy of a knowing script and the irresistible chemistry of its leads.
Synopsis: Holland March (Ryan Gosling) is a down-on-his-luck private eye in 1977 Los Angeles. Jackson Healy (Russell Crowe) is a hired... [More]
Starring: Russell Crowe, Ryan Gosling, Angourie Rice, Matt Bomer
Directed By: Shane Black


ZERO DARK THIRTY (2012)
 91%
#62
Critics Consensus: Gripping, suspenseful, and brilliantly crafted, Zero Dark Thirty dramatizes the hunt for Osama bin Laden with intelligence and an eye for detail.
Synopsis: Following the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, Osama bin Laden becomes one of the most-wanted men on the planet.... [More]
Starring: Jessica Chastain, Jason Clarke, Joel Edgerton, Jennifer Ehle
Directed By: Kathryn Bigelow


THE LORD OF THE RINGS: THE FELLOWSHIP OF THE RING (2001)
 91%
#63
Critics Consensus: Full of eye-popping special effects, and featuring a pitch-perfect cast, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring brings J.R.R. Tolkien's classic to vivid life.
Synopsis: The future of civilization rests in the fate of the One Ring, which has been lost for centuries. Powerful forces... [More]
Starring: Elijah Wood, Ian McKellen, Liv Tyler, Viggo Mortensen
Directed By: Peter Jackson


PHILOMENA (2013)
 91%
#64
Critics Consensus: Based on a powerful true story and led by note-perfect performances from Judi Dench and Steve Coogan, Philomena offers a profoundly affecting drama for adult filmgoers of all ages.
Synopsis: In 1952, Irish teenager Philomena (Judi Dench) became pregnant out of wedlock and was sent to a convent. When her... [More]
Starring: Judi Dench, Steve Coogan, Michelle Fairley, Barbara Jefford
Directed By: Stephen Frears


THE WHITE TIGER (2021)
 91%
#65
Critics Consensus: Well-acted and beautifully made, The White Tiger distills the strengths of its source material into a grimly compelling drama.
Synopsis: Balram Halwai (Adarsh Gourav) narrates his epic and darkly humorous rise from poor villager to successful entrepreneur in modern India.... [More]
Starring: Adarsh Gourav, Rajkummar Rao, Priyanka Chopra Jonas, Vedant Sinha
Directed By: Ramin Bahrani


BEASTS OF NO NATION (2015)
 91%
#66
Critics Consensus: Beasts of No Nation finds writer-director Cary Fukunaga working with a talented cast to offer a sobering, uncompromising, yet still somehow hopeful picture of war's human cost.
Synopsis: As civil war rages in Africa, a fierce warlord (Idris Elba) trains a young orphan (Abraham Attah) to join his... [More]
Starring: Idris Elba, Abraham Attah, Opeyemi Fagbohungbe, Kurt Egyiawan
Directed By: Cary Joji Fukunaga


HIGH FLYING BIRD (2019)
 91%
#67
Critics Consensus: High Flying Bird takes a thoughtful and engrossing look at professional sports that sees Steven Soderbergh continuing to test the limits of new filmmaking technology.
Synopsis: A sports agent pitches a controversial business opportunity to a rookie basketball player during a lockout.... [More]
Starring: André Holland, Zazie Beetz, Bill Duke, Sonja Sohn
Directed By: Steven Soderbergh


APOLLO 10 1/2: A SPACE AGE CHILDHOOD (2022)
 91%
#68
Critics Consensus: The sweetly nostalgic Apollo 10 1/2: A Space Age Childhood finds Richard Linklater reusing visual and thematic ingredients in a deeply personal, freshly inspired way.
Synopsis: Apollo 10 ½: A Space Age Childhood tells the story of the first moon landing in the summer of 1969... [More]
Starring: Jack Black, Bill Wise, Lee Eddy, Milo Coy
Directed By: Richard Linklater


HAPPY AS LAZZARO (2018)
 91%
#69
Critics Consensus: Happy as Lazzaro uses a friendship's ups and downs as a satisfyingly expansive canvas for a picture rich with thematic and cinematic depth.
Synopsis: Lazzaro, a good-hearted young peasant, and Tancredi, a young nobleman cursed by his imagination, form a life-altering bond when Tancredi... [More]
Starring: Adriano Tardiolo, Alba Rohrwacher, Agnese Graziani, Tommaso Ragno
Directed By: Alice Rohrwacher


FULL METAL JACKET (1987)
 91%
#70
Critics Consensus: Intense, tightly constructed, and darkly comic at times, Stanley Kubrick's Full Metal Jacket may not boast the most original of themes, but it is exceedingly effective at communicating them.
Synopsis: Stanley Kubrick's take on the Vietnam War follows smart-aleck Private Davis (Matthew Modine), quickly christened "Joker" by his foul-mouthed drill... [More]
Starring: Matthew Modine, Adam Baldwin, Vincent D'Onofrio, R. Lee Ermey
Directed By: Stanley Kubrick


GERALD'S GAME (2017)
 91%
#71
Critics Consensus: Carla Gugino carries Gerald's Game's small-scale suspense with a career-defining performance.
Synopsis: A woman accidentally kills her husband during a kinky game. Handcuffed to her bed with no hope of rescue, she... [More]
Starring: Carla Gugino, Bruce Greenwood, Henry Thomas, Carel Struycken
Directed By: Mike Flanagan


WHEN HARRY MET SALLY... (1989)
 91%
#72
Critics Consensus: Rob Reiner's touching, funny film set a new standard for romantic comedies, and he was ably abetted by the sharp interplay between Billy Crystal and Meg Ryan.
Synopsis: In 1977, college graduates Harry Burns (Billy Crystal) and Sally Albright (Meg Ryan) share a contentious car ride from Chicago... [More]
Starring: Billy Crystal, Meg Ryan, Carrie Fisher, Bruno Kirby
Directed By: Rob Reiner


THE WILLOUGHBYS (2020)
 91%
#73
Critics Consensus: An appealing animated adventure whose silliness is anchored in genuine emotion, The Willoughbys offers fanciful fun the entire family can enjoy.
Synopsis: Neglected by their parents, four old-fashioned siblings venture out into the modern world with their new nanny.... [More]
Starring: Will Forte, Maya Rudolph, Alessia Cara, Terry Crews
Directed By: Kris Pearn


Best film NATIONAL LAMPOON'S ANIMAL HOUSE (1978)
 91%
#74
Critics Consensus: The talents of director John Landis and Saturday Night Live's irrepressible John Belushi conspired to create a rambunctious, subversive college comedy that continues to resonate.
Synopsis: When they arrive at college, socially inept freshmen Larry (Thomas Hulce) and Kent (Stephen Furst) attempt to pledge the snooty... [More]
Starring: John Belushi, Kevin Bacon, Donald Sutherland, Karen Allen
Directed By: John Landis


UP IN THE AIR (2009)
 90%
#75
Critics Consensus: Led by charismatic performances by its three leads, director Jason Reitman delivers a smart blend of humor and emotion with just enough edge for mainstream audiences.
Synopsis: An idea from a young, new co-worker (Anna Kendrick) would put an end to the constant travel of corporate downsizer... [More]
Starring: George Clooney, Vera Farmiga, Anna Kendrick, Jason Bateman
Directed By: Jason Reitman


THE IMITATION GAME (2014)
 90%
#76
Critics Consensus: With an outstanding starring performance from Benedict Cumberbatch illuminating its fact-based story, The Imitation Game serves as an eminently well-made entry in the "prestige biopic" genre.
Synopsis: In 1939, newly created British intelligence agency MI6 recruits Cambridge mathematics alumnus Alan Turing (Benedict Cumberbatch) to crack Nazi codes,... [More]
Starring: Benedict Cumberbatch, Keira Knightley, Matthew Goode, Rory Kinnear
Directed By: Morten Tyldum


MINORITY REPORT (2002)
 90%
#77
Critics Consensus: Thought-provoking and visceral, Steven Spielberg successfully combines high concept ideas and high octane action in this fast and febrile sci-fi thriller.
Synopsis: Based on a story by famed science fiction writer Philip K. Dick, "Minority Report" is an action-detective thriller set in... [More]
Starring: Tom Cruise, Colin Farrell, Samantha Morton, Max von Sydow
Directed By: Steven Spielberg


SPIDER-MAN (2002)
 90%
#78
Critics Consensus: Not only does Spider-Man provide a good dose of web-swinging fun, it also has a heart, thanks to the combined charms of director Sam Raimi and star Tobey Maguire.
Synopsis: "Spider-Man" centers on student Peter Parker (Tobey Maguire) who, after being bitten by a genetically-altered spider, gains superhuman strength and... [More]
Starring: Tobey Maguire, Willem Dafoe, Kirsten Dunst, James Franco
Directed By: Sam Raimi


THE TWO POPES (2019)
 90%
#79
Critics Consensus: Led by outstanding performances from its well-matched leads, The Two Popes draws absorbing drama from a pivotal moment in modern organized religion.
Synopsis: Behind the Vatican walls, Pope Benedict and the future Pope Francis must find common ground to forge a new path... [More]
Starring: Jonathan Pryce, Anthony Hopkins, Juan Minujín, Sidney Cole
Directed By: Fernando Meirelles


THE KINDERGARTEN TEACHER (2018)
 90%
#80
Critics Consensus: Elevated by a bravura performance from Maggie Gyllenhaal, The Kindergarten Teacher is one American remake that retains its impact the second time around.
Synopsis: A teacher sees such great promise in her 5-year-old student that she goes to unreasonable lengths to protect his talent.... [More]
Starring: Maggie Gyllenhaal, Gael García Bernal, Michael Chernus, Anna Baryshnikov
Directed By: Sara Colangelo


RESERVOIR DOGS (1992)
 90%
#81
Critics Consensus: Thrumming with intelligence and energy, Reservoir Dogs opens Quentin Tarantino's filmmaking career with hard-hitting style.
Synopsis: A group of thieves assemble to pull of the perfect diamond heist. It turns into a bloody ambush when one... [More]
Starring: Harvey Keitel, Tim Roth, Michael Madsen, Chris Penn
Directed By: Quentin Tarantino


ON BODY AND SOUL (2017)
 90%
#82
Critics Consensus: Tender performances and a strong sense of style combine to create an eccentric, dreamy portrait of love and loneliness in On Body and Soul.
Synopsis: When a man and woman who meet at work begin to know each other, they discover that they have the... [More]
Starring: Géza Morcsányi, Alexandra Borbély, Zoltán Schneider, Ervin Nagy
Directed By: Ildikó Enyedi


THE BRIDGES OF MADISON COUNTY (1995)
 90%
#83
Critics Consensus: Sentimental, slow, schmaltzy, and very satisfying, The Bridges of Madison County finds Clint Eastwood adapting a bestseller with heft, wit, and grace.
Synopsis: A moving love story about a photographer on assignment to shoot the historic bridges of Madison County. He meets a... [More]
Starring: Clint Eastwood, Meryl Streep, Annie Corley, Victor Slezak
Directed By: Clint Eastwood


THE TRIAL OF THE CHICAGO 7 (2020)
 89%
#84
Critics Consensus: An actors' showcase enlivened by its topical fact-based story, The Trial of the Chicago 7 plays squarely -- and compellingly -- to Aaron Sorkin's strengths.
Synopsis: In 1969, seven people were charged by the federal government with conspiracy and more, arising from the protests at the... [More]
Starring: Eddie Redmayne, Alex Sharp, Sacha Baron Cohen, Jeremy Strong
Directed By: Aaron Sorkin


ZOMBIELAND (2009)
 89%
#85
Critics Consensus: Wickedly funny and featuring plenty of gore, Zombieland is proof that the zombie subgenre is far from dead.
Synopsis: After a virus turns most people into zombies, the world's surviving humans remain locked in an ongoing battle against the... [More]
Starring: Woody Harrelson, Jesse Eisenberg, Emma Stone, Abigail Breslin
Directed By: Ruben Fleischer


THE BALLAD OF BUSTER SCRUGGS (2018)
 89%
#86
Critics Consensus: The Ballad of Buster Scruggs avoids anthology pitfalls with a consistent collection tied together by the Coen brothers' signature blend of dark drama and black humor.
Synopsis: An anthology of six short films that take place in 19th-century post-Civil War era during the settling of the Old... [More]
Starring: Tim Blake Nelson, Willie Watson, David Krumholtz, James Franco
Directed By: Joel Coen, Ethan Coen


ALL QUIET ON THE WESTERN FRONT (2022)
 90%
#87
Critics Consensus: Both timely and timeless, All Quiet on the Western Front retains the power of its classic source material by focusing on the futility of war.
Synopsis: All Quiet on the Western Front tells the gripping story of a young German soldier on the Western Front of... [More]
Starring: Felix Kammerer, Albrecht Schuch, Aaron Hilmer, Moritz Klaus
Directed By: Edward Berger


ALWAYS BE MY MAYBE (2019)
 89%
#88
Critics Consensus: Carried by the infectious charms of Ali Wong and Randall Park, Always Be My Maybe takes familiar rom-com beats and cleverly layers in smart social commentary to find its own sweet groove.
Synopsis: Childhood sweethearts have a falling out and don't speak for 15 years. They reconnect as adults when Sasha runs into... [More]
Starring: Ali Wong, Randall Park, Keanu Reeves, Michelle Buteau
Directed By: Nahnatchka Khan


I AM MOTHER (2019)
 89%
#89
Critics Consensus: Suspenseful, well-acted, and intelligent, I Am Mother is an ambitious sci-fi story that largely achieves its impressive aims.
Synopsis: A teenage girl is raised by a robot designed to repopulate Earth. Their bond is tested when a stranger arrives... [More]
Starring: Hilary Swank, Clara Rugaard, Rose Byrne, Tahlia Sturzaker
Directed By: Grant Sputore


I DON'T FEEL AT HOME IN THIS WORLD ANYMORE (2017)
 89%
#90
Critics Consensus: I don't feel at home in this world anymore. transcends its unwieldy title to offer timely, intoxicatingly dark observations on gender dynamics and social norms in modern America.
Synopsis: After being burglarized, a depressed woman (Melanie Lynskey) and her obnoxious neighbor set out to find the thieves, but they... [More]
Starring: Melanie Lynskey, Elijah Wood, David Yow, Jane Levy
Directed By: Macon Blair


PADDLETON (2019)
 89%
#91
Critics Consensus: It takes its time coming together, but the quietly effective Paddleton pulls off a tricky tonal balancing act, thanks largely to the strengths of its well-chosen leads.
Synopsis: An unlikely friendship between two misfit neighbors becomes an unexpected emotional journey when the younger man is diagnosed with terminal... [More]
Starring: Mark Duplass, Ray Romano, Marguerite Moreau, Christine Woods
Directed By: Alexandre Lehmann


RANGO (2011)
 88%
#92
Critics Consensus: Rango is a smart, giddily creative burst of beautifully animated entertainment, and Johnny Depp gives a colorful vocal performance as a household pet in an unfamiliar world.
Synopsis: A chameleon (Johnny Depp) who has lived as a sheltered family pet finds himself in the grip of an identity... [More]
Starring: Johnny Depp, Isla Fisher, Abigail Breslin, Ned Beatty
Directed By: Gore Verbinski


THE BAD GUYS (2022)
 88%
#93
Critics Consensus: Fast-paced, funny, and full of colorful visual appeal, The Bad Guys is good news for audiences seeking options the whole family can enjoy.
Synopsis: In the new action comedy from DreamWorks Animation, based on the New York Times best-selling book series, a crackerjack criminal... [More]
Starring: Sam Rockwell, Zazie Beetz, Marc Maron, Awkwafina
Directed By: Pierre Perifel


DOPE (2015)
 88%
#94
Critics Consensus: Featuring a starmaking performance from Shameik Moore and a refreshingly original point of view from writer-director Rick Famuyiwa, Dope is smart, insightful entertainment.
Synopsis: High-school senior Malcolm (Shameik Moore) and his friends Jib (Tony Revolori) and Diggy (Kiersey Clemons) bond over '90s hip-hop culture,... [More]
Starring: Shameik Moore, Tony Revolori, Kiersey Clemons, Kimberly Elise
Directed By: Rick Famuyiwa


OXYGEN (2021)
 88%
#95
Critics Consensus: Oxygen gets the white-knuckle maximum out of its claustrophobic setting, with director Alexandre Aja and star Mélanie Laurent making this a must-watch thriller for sci-fi fans.
Synopsis: Oxygen is a French survival thriller directed by Alexandre Aja. The film tells the story of a young woman (Mélanie... [More]
Starring: Mélanie Laurent, Mathieu Amalric, Malik Zidi, Marc Saez
Directed By: Alexandre Aja


FEAR STREET PART THREE: 1666 (2021)
 88%
#96
Critics Consensus: Fear Street Part Three: 1666 sends the slasher series back in time for a trilogy-concluding installment that caps things off on a screaming high note.
Synopsis: The origins of Sarah Fier's curse are finally revealed as history comes full circle on a night that changes the... [More]
Starring: Kiana Madeira, Ashley Zukerman, Gillian Jacobs, Olivia Welch
Directed By: Leigh Janiak


DONNIE BRASCO (1997)
 88%
#97
Critics Consensus: A stark, nuanced portrait of life in organized crime, bolstered by strong performances from Al Pacino and Johnny Depp.
Synopsis: Joseph Pistone (Johnny Depp) is an FBI agent who has infiltrated one of the major New York Mafia families and... [More]
Starring: Al Pacino, Johnny Depp, Michael Madsen, Bruno Kirby
Directed By: Mike Newell


INCEPTION (2010)
 87%
#98
Critics Consensus: Smart, innovative, and thrilling, Inception is that rare summer blockbuster that succeeds viscerally as well as intellectually.
Synopsis: Dom Cobb (Leonardo DiCaprio) is a thief with the rare ability to enter people's dreams and steal their secrets from... [More]
Starring: Leonardo DiCaprio, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Elliot Page, Tom Hardy
Directed By: Christopher Nolan


AMERICAN BEAUTY (1999)
 87%
#99
Critics Consensus: Flawlessly cast and brimming with dark, acid wit, American Beauty is a smart, provocative high point of late '90s mainstream Hollywood film.
Synopsis: Lester Burnham (Kevin Spacey) is a gainfully employed suburban husband and father. Fed up with his boring, stagnant existence, he... [More]
Starring: Kevin Spacey, Annette Bening, Thora Birch, Wes Bentley
Directed By: Sam Mendes


KUNG FU PANDA (2008)
 87%
#100
Critics Consensus: Kung Fu Panda has a familiar message, but the pleasing mix of humor, swift martial arts action, and colorful animation makes for winning Summer entertainment.
Synopsis: Po the panda (Jack Black) works in his family's noodle shop and dreams of becoming a kung-fu master His dream... [More]
Starring: Jack Black, Angelina Jolie, Jackie Chan, David Cross
Directed By: John Stevenson, Mark Osborne .
football is my life .
Insects are a class in the phylum Arthropoda. They are small terrestrial invertebrates which have a hard exoskeleton.

Insects are the largest group of animals on Earth by far: about 926,400 different species have been described.They are more than half of all known living species. They may be over 90% of animal species on Earth.

New species of insects are continually being found. Estimates of the total number of species range from 2 million to 30 million.

All adult insects have six legs; and most have wings. Insects were the first animals capable of flight. As they develop from eggs, insects undergo metamorphosis. Insects live all over the planet: almost all are terrestrial (live on land). Few insects live in the oceans or in very cold places, such as Antarctica. The most species live in tropical areas.

Some people call all insects "bugs", but this is not correct. Only some insects are true bugs, which is a particular order of insects. People who study insects are called entomologists.

Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs): CNNs have revolutionized computer vision tasks and are essential for tasks like image classification, object detection, and semantic segmentation.

Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) and Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM): RNNs, especially LSTM, are crucial for sequential data analysis, including natural language processing, speech recognition, and time series forecasting.

Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs): GANs have had a significant impact on generating realistic data, such as images, and have applications in image synthesis, data augmentation, and anomaly detection.

Transfer Learning: Transfer learning allows leveraging pre-trained models for various tasks, enabling faster and more accurate model development, especially in scenarios with limited data.

Transformer Models: Transformer models, such as the Transformer architecture and its variants like BERT and GPT, have revolutionized natural language processing tasks, including language understanding, translation, and text generation.

Reinforcement Learning (RL): RL techniques are important for training agents to make sequential decisions in dynamic environments, with applications in robotics, game playing, and autonomous systems.

Explainability and Interpretability: Understanding the decision-making process of deep learning models is critical for building trust and ensuring ethical deployment. Techniques for model interpretability, such as attention mechanisms and feature importance analysis, are important considerations.

Adversarial Attacks and Defenses: As deep learning models become more prevalent, protecting them from adversarial attacks is crucial. Understanding different attack methods and developing robust defenses is an active area of research.

Deep Learning on Graphs: Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) are gaining popularity for analyzing structured data, such as social networks, molecular graphs, and knowledge graphs. Understanding GNN architectures and their applications is important.

Federated Learning: Federated Learning enables training models on decentralized data while preserving privacy. It has implications for industries dealing with sensitive user data, such as healthcare and finance.

Dolphins: Their intelligence, social behavior, communication, and their role in marine ecosystems.

Tigers: Conservation efforts, habitat loss, hunting, and the significance of preserving this endangered species.

Elephants: Their social structures, communication, intelligence, poaching issues, and conservation efforts.

Penguins: Adaptations to extreme cold environments, breeding behaviors, and their unique ecosystems in the Antarctic.

Honeybees: The importance of bees in pollination, the decline of bee populations, and their role in agriculture.

Whales: Migration patterns, communication through song, conservation efforts, and the impacts of whaling.

Gorillas: Endangered status, conservation initiatives, social behavior, and the importance of protecting their habitats.

Polar Bears: Adaptations to the Arctic, climate change impacts, and efforts to conserve this iconic species.

Birds of Paradise: Elaborate courtship rituals, vibrant plumage, and the importance of their habitats in tropical rainforests.

Sharks: Role in marine ecosystems, conservation challenges, and the misconceptions surrounding these apex predators.

Koalas: Habitat loss, threats to their populations, diet, and efforts to conserve this iconic Australian marsupial.

Cheetahs: Adaptations for speed, conservation status, and the challenges they face in the wild.

Object-Oriented Programming (OOP): Exploring the principles and concepts of OOP, such as classes, objects, inheritance, and polymorphism.

Functional Programming: Understanding the concepts of functional programming, including immutability, higher-order functions, and pure functions.

Python: Exploring the features, syntax, and libraries of the Python programming language, as well as its applications in various domains.

JavaScript: Discussing the fundamentals of JavaScript, its role in web development, frameworks like React and Angular, and its evolving ecosystem.

Data Structures: Examining different data structures like arrays, linked lists, stacks, queues, trees, and graphs, along with their implementations in various programming languages.

Algorithms: Discussing common algorithms like sorting, searching, graph traversal, and dynamic programming, and their implementation in different programming languages.

Machine Learning: Exploring programming languages commonly used in machine learning, such as Python with libraries like TensorFlow or PyTorch, and discussing algorithms and techniques.

Web Development: Discussing programming languages like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and frameworks like React, Angular, or Node.js used in web development.

Mobile App Development: Exploring programming languages like Java or Kotlin for Android development, Swift or Objective-C for iOS development, and cross-platform frameworks like React Native or Flutter.

C/C++: Discussing the low-level programming languages C and C++, their performance characteristics, memory management, and applications in system programming and game development.

Data Analysis and Visualization: Exploring programming languages like R or Python with libraries like NumPy, Pandas, or Matplotlib for data analysis, manipulation, and visualization.

Secure Coding Practices: Discussing programming language features and best practices to prevent common security vulnerabilities, such as SQL injection or cross-site scripting (XSS).